# Gradiant Network Helm Charts Collection

This repo mantains helm charts generated by **Gradiant** for its lab5g platform.

Gradiant's lab5g platform is a cloud-native experimentation infrastructure to help researchers evaluate cloud, edge and network and mobile technologies.

Follow the README.md of each chart to evaluate the technologies in your own kubernetes cluster.

Also, here you can check out our **available tutorials** to deploy different setups that combine these technologies.

## Install charts from gradiant public dockerhub

Charts in `charts/` folder are automatically build and push to Gradiant's public dockerhub repositories with github actions.

You can use [helm](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/registries/) to directly install the chart from dockerhub. For example, to install open5gs:

```bash
helm install open5gs oci://registry-1.docker.io/gradiant/open5gs --version 2.1.0
```

## Development

- clone repo https://github.com/Gradiant/5g-charts.git
- adjust given chart
- bump chart version if required
- run tests
- create pull request with issue id, attach test results if possible

### Requirements

- linting requires docker
- running test-install.sh requires docker and kubernetes-in-docker.
- `tee` console tool to output to the console and file in the same time

## Linting and testing full deployment

We use helm [chart-testing](https://github.com/helm/chart-testing) running a docker image.

An example to test specific chart lint and install, send console logs also to the log file `reports/*.log`:

```bash
scripts/lint-install.sh open5gs | tee reports/open5gs.log
```
